haters talking but I don't even hear
them yo guys is going on Toby Hill
Toby's all and welcome back to another
episode of my Manchester United career
Road series currently on loan at
Dagenham and Redbridge but before we get
in today's episode I want to quickly ask
you guys about the PFA Awards now if you
guys didn't see that um basically Gareth
Bale won both the PFA Player of the Year
and Young Player of the Year awards so I
wanted to know what you guys feel about
that if you think someone else deserved
evil one of the awards and maybe about
team of the year as well I'm not gonna
go through the whole details I might
leave a link in the description to the
team of the Year shortlist but um yeah
leave your thoughts and comments on that
in the comment section below and I'll be
sure to check those out but yeah we kick
off today's episode with a quarterfinal
Cup match against Preston North End I'm
one tire shop what a league Preston are
in I'm not sure if there's Lika buffalo
syrup or in the same D because I don't
remember playing them they start off the
stronger of the two sides creating a
chance in opening three minutes of the
game they're getting chauffeured go
Ludington making a fantastic save and
then the few minutes later we come down
the other end for a chance of our own
the ball game played in there towards
Bingham he nods it in he knocks it into
wood oh sorry who heads go woods and
this was a weird half because after that
really sharp start there were chances
chances were few and far between in the
game and he was a really good one just
before half-time
if Woodall squares this earlier week we
could have seen a goal but he messes up
and assignments and their goalkeeper
makes fantastic save to keep the score
at nil nil now a few moments later Danny
well Bret does well to win the ball off
the defender then a lovely first time
bought up the field from Bingham see
some wood all have a shot gulp but once
more Simon's and coming to the rescue
and making a fantastic save and from the
resulting corner we do get another
chance Danny world black with the
initial effort and beaten to the bull by
the fender ball eventually drop into
Saunders who knocks it down to world
black he gets the shot off a go on
Simons and making another brilliant save
and keeping the score at nil nil and
that is how we go into the halftime
break and it was quite poor first half
performance where we did finish off
strongly as you saw there creating quite
a few chances in the closing minutes of
their half and we start off the second
half of a bit of skill from Denny row
black beat in about four or five guys
there and picking up a couple of
compliments in fact there's more than a
couple I think it breaks up quite a few
here you're just gonna see them lifting
up on the top right hand corner of your
screen
after that move breakdown Preston had a
half chance of their own attack and down
the right-hand side like a mu getting
the cross in there and um the fantastic
defense of intervention there before the
port is eventually dealt with and that
was really the only thing worth noting
then the second offer was a really poor
second-half performance so we headed
straight into extra time and this is a
really fantastic move here I don't know
what the gaffer said in between a full
time and extra time but we were really
fast out that blocks lovely flow and
football hair well black playing it
through to green who fired whether the
target nothing that move really deserved
a goal but unfortunate not to get how
there were four beautiful scissor kick
for two widow who controls beautifully
before back hitting it to Denny well
black he lays it through here to Bingham
he slots it past the goalkeeper and
that's the sexy football I was talking
about and really don't know where he's
come from but we were thrilled to take
the lead in just a few moments late as
well black doing well to win the ball
off the defender holding it up and
playing a one-two with Bingham and
breaking through parts of defenders
there no one's catching him once he's
got past him he's using that black place
squares across the wood oh and he makes
it to nil picking up a vision
accomplishment there but yeah that
really put the game beyond all doubt and
in the hundred and fiftieth minute of
the game so second half of extra time
and Rob black had a chance to just round
off a fantastic game but his effort
being saved by the goalkeeper off the
crossbar and that's that thing I was
saying to you guys in the last episode
where when you're form the goalkeepers
always seems to be on form but we
finished that game would score two now
and a seven rating as you can see a
hundred percent sure accuracy so we're
really on the verge of breaking and this
poor run of form but a fantastic result
nonetheless and we advance to the
semi-finals of the Capital One Cup and
as you can see on your screen there and
we're gonna be playing Arsenal in the
next round and if we do manage to beat
Arsenal somehow will be playing either
Chelsea or estimate Villa in the final
so looking forward to that and once more
you can see the media getting in world
Lex tell her with the lack of goals in
recent games but hopefully gonna break
it against all the shot town I think it
is 23rd in the league they are at the
moment so it is a really good
opportunity for us to kind of get some
goals and you know just do whatever we
can to pick up points I think we have a
game in hand on the cut on a couple of
teams above us so yeah well black
starting up front with Woodall and gonna
be looking to get some goals no doubt
about it in this game one thing you do
have to remember those when you're
playing against those lower sides or the
weaker sides in the league they tend to
go defensive so I thought initially it
would
quite difficult to break them down you
can see currently we're sitting in about
tenth position in the league
yep temp in the league with a game in
hand on Burton Albion himself in but if
we do manage to win this game we would
leap for Burton in the table on points
and um you know just make up their game
in hand and we started this game
fantastically here well black playing a
cheeky little one-two with wood or
before receiving the ball and firing
past the goalkeeper finally to make it
one nil and to end his goal drought it's
been too long since he scored a league
goal I think it's even been a while
since he's called last Cup goal but a
fantastic finish they're really emphatic
and you can tell that he really wanted
that and the first half was really just
the wall black show creating several
chances they're just shooting white at
the target and green hair playing a
lovely ball too well black he brings it
down beautifully on the chest turns and
holds up the ball nicely before Faragher
finish off a goal and smacking the
crossbar so really unfortunate not to
double the lead there so we did go into
them half time with the score at one nil
courtesy of the 11 finish track from
Danny well black and in the second half
we start the brighter of the two sides
once more Bingham this time playing a
little pass to Denny well black he holds
up the board nicely before playing it
across to Woodall and a lovely door in
the change there between woodland
Bingham
well black I thought was fouled there
didn't get the penalty but Woodall's
there to pounce on the rebound and that
made it to no and he doubled our lead in
the game and after that order shot Reid
tried to come back into the game and
creating two chances in succession and
lovely ball over the top from Reed there
and another fantastic safe from Luton
and it was well cleared by Joe in the
end and here was an even better chance
of Roberts with a lot of space in the
area but he turned him five white of the
target really should have done better
with that chance and picking up on a
defensive area there would open the ball
forward to how who squared it for Danny
world black and he wasn't missing from
there doubling his lead and it's like
London buses you wait so long for one
and then to come along at once and you
can just see in the replay here how much
Denny well black Orton did it first in
the cut to get forward there in front of
the defender before finishing into the
empty net and a bit of fresh from Denny
well black force hit the defender to
play the ball back to the goalkeeper his
clearance was quite poor row black none
in it down to Woodall who thinks the
ball beautifully over the top to work
that beautiful chest control before
rolling past the goalkeeper to make it
four nil and complete the hat-trick
really emphatic finished there and you
can see how much it means to him look at
him celebrating shushing the fans
where's the media now that we paid
under pressure the cheeky little surf
and celebration to round off to know
what would all students print up around
me there but yeah a for nil victory a
really in thick win and a finally glad
to have Danny well black back on the
score sheet at nine point seven great in
there is no doubt he deserved that rain
opera performance like that so I hope
you guys have enjoyed this episode if
you have feel free to be polite we
didn't hit the dislike button but if you
did enjoy the video you think you would
enjoy the rest of the content on my
channel feel free to subscribe and I'll
talk to you guys in the basil peace